soldiers evacuate a brother in arms
wounded by a Hamas
mortar that attack killed four troops
along the border another died in combat
inside Gaza 48 Israeli soldiers have
been killed in operation protective Edge
a heavy loss for one of the world's
strongest
armies as the wounded were rushed away
Danger From Below there was a frantic
search for Palestinian militants who
reached Israel through an underground
tunnel one attacker was
killed within hours the government
pledged it would keep fighting in Gaza
in spite of growing International
demands for a
truce we need to be prepared for a
protracted campaign we will continue to
act firmly and with discretion until we
complete our mission to defend our
citizens and here's a glimpse of the key
Battleground for Israel an extensive
network of what it calls Terror tunnels
that reach across the
[Music]
border if tunnels are the targets there
have been several hundred Palestinian
civilians killed above ground the US is
still calling for a troop
Israel buried another young Soldier
today a 22-year-old called lead his
family said he was their hero this
nation is in morning like its neighbors
across the
border Israel has made it clear there
are more days of War to come it's
blaming Hamas for failing to honor
previous ceasefires 2 one days on the
International Community has been unable
to Halt the Bloodshed on both sides the
casualties are likely to increase orig
gearan BBC News
Jerusalem